content/en.md, before:

---
title: Home
description: Welcome the 26rd meeting of the GBIF Governing Board 
image: /images/bikes_small.jpg
imageTitle: Colorful picture shot at Rapenburg in Leiden by fritscdejong
imageLink: https://www.flickr.com/photos/fritsdejong/5004594158/in/photolist-9gJarv-hnq3fx-ydqVGX-uR8MiB-rVoKWv-wxRVev-dneSFe-bCvvJj-bRqk4V-nxSoUU-6xNk5u-6xJbKR-7bZ1UN-7zf1qb-bCvCQN-bCvzn3-6xJb7V-6xNjYA-bCvwYy-bCvAph-sfatCN-v2YBMv-B6g1MJ-6xJbme-jmZSpT-6CNhL5-Ptt57j-aAEWBp-8EcGu7-nRWxmN-EhmggW-9BVvin-8CeRub-oFrKyn-c4GtgA-fcHzDS-jmYj4p-N5MTMU-46TK4W-ws4wGu-e91LDP-oFstB8-oVUL8C-oFs6ah-oFrL26-9BVu24-9BYsMy-vvmYhd-uTALVh-o98G3Z
---

# GB26 Netherlands 

_<p align="center">The 26th meeting of the GBIF Governing Board and associated events
  Naturalis Biodiversity Center, Leiden, the Netherlands
  17-23 October 2019_</p>
  
It is with the greatest pleasure that the Netherlands Ministry of Education, Culture and Science and the Netherlands Node of GBIF invite the Members of the GBIF Governing Board to have their 26th Governing Board Meeting at the Naturalis Biodiversity Center in Leiden.

The following events will take place:
•	17-18 October 2019 – Nodes Training
•	19 October 2019 – Global Nodes Meeting
•	20 October 2019 – GBIF committee meetings
•	21-23 October 2019 - Official Governing Board meeting

See the [programme page](https://gb26.gbif.org/en/programme/) for more details on the individual events. 

### Biodiversity_Next

This year the GBIF Governing Board meeting and associated events will take place before and during **Biodiversity_Next**. Biodiversity_Next is a shared initiative of GBIF, CETAF, DiSSCo, iDigBio, TDWG and LifeWatch ERIC, giving follow-up to GBIC2. The conference takes place in Leiden at the Stadsgehoorzaal from Tuesday 22 to Friday 25 October. 

Participants at the official Governing Board meeting (21-23 October) will by showing their name badge have free access to Biodiversity_Next sessions in the morning of Tuesday 22 October and Wednesday 23 October; however, attending Biodiversity_Next sessions on Thursday 24 October and Friday 25 October requires an additional registration at the [conference registration site](https://biodiversitynext.org/), which includes a fee.

Commit message:

link to special offers added

content/en.md, after:

---
title: Home
description: Welcome the 26rd meeting of the GBIF Governing Board 
image: /images/bikes_small.jpg
imageTitle: Colorful picture shot at Rapenburg in Leiden by fritscdejong
imageLink: https://www.flickr.com/photos/fritsdejong/5004594158/in/photolist-9gJarv-hnq3fx-ydqVGX-uR8MiB-rVoKWv-wxRVev-dneSFe-bCvvJj-bRqk4V-nxSoUU-6xNk5u-6xJbKR-7bZ1UN-7zf1qb-bCvCQN-bCvzn3-6xJb7V-6xNjYA-bCvwYy-bCvAph-sfatCN-v2YBMv-B6g1MJ-6xJbme-jmZSpT-6CNhL5-Ptt57j-aAEWBp-8EcGu7-nRWxmN-EhmggW-9BVvin-8CeRub-oFrKyn-c4GtgA-fcHzDS-jmYj4p-N5MTMU-46TK4W-ws4wGu-e91LDP-oFstB8-oVUL8C-oFs6ah-oFrL26-9BVu24-9BYsMy-vvmYhd-uTALVh-o98G3Z
---

# GB26 Netherlands 

_<p align="center">The 26th meeting of the GBIF Governing Board and associated events
  Naturalis Biodiversity Center, Leiden, the Netherlands
  17-23 October 2019_</p>
  
It is with the greatest pleasure that the Netherlands Ministry of Education, Culture and Science and the Netherlands Node of GBIF invite the Members of the GBIF Governing Board to have their 26th Governing Board Meeting at the Naturalis Biodiversity Center in Leiden.

The following events will take place:
•	17-18 October 2019 – Nodes Training
•	19 October 2019 – Global Nodes Meeting
•	20 October 2019 – GBIF committee meetings
•	21-23 October 2019 - Official Governing Board meeting

See the [programme page](https://gb26.gbif.org/en/programme/) for more details on the individual events. 

Please check out the special offers for GB26 attendees [here](https://gb26.gbif.org/en/travel-accommodation/#special-offers-for-gb26-attendees).

Remember that registration closes on **6 October 2019**

### Biodiversity_Next

This year the GBIF Governing Board meeting and associated events will take place before and during **Biodiversity_Next**. Biodiversity_Next is a shared initiative of GBIF, CETAF, DiSSCo, iDigBio, TDWG and LifeWatch ERIC, giving follow-up to GBIC2. The conference takes place in Leiden at the Stadsgehoorzaal from Tuesday 22 to Friday 25 October. 

Participants at the official Governing Board meeting (21-23 October) will by showing their name badge have free access to Biodiversity_Next sessions in the morning of Tuesday 22 October and Wednesday 23 October; however, attending Biodiversity_Next sessions on Thursday 24 October and Friday 25 October requires an additional registration at the [conference registration site](https://biodiversitynext.org/), which includes a fee.
